feat(duelling-picklist): create duelling-picklist component - FE-2483 (#2725)
Sage/carbon: src/components/duelling-picklist/duelling-picklist.stories.mdx

import { Picklist } from './picklist.component';
import { PicklistItem } from './picklist-item.component';
import PicklistDivider from './picklist-divider.component';
import DuellingPicklist from './duelling-picklist.component';
import DuellingPicklistOverlay from './duelling-picklist-overlay.component';

<Meta
  title="Design System/DuellingPicklist"
  parameters={{ info: { disable: true }}}
/>

# Duelling Picklist
Select a subset of relatively short list.

## Quick Start

To create fully functioning `Duelling Picklist` component you can compose it yourself out of provided `Carbon` components.

`DuellingPicklistOverlay` can be used as a container for the whole content of `DuellingPicklist`. It's purpose is to create an overlay over the content when `disabled` prop is passed on.

`DuellingPicklist` is meant to be a container for a composition of two `Picklist`'s and a `PicklistDivider` between them.

`Picklist` wraps a list of `PicklistItem`'s, applies enter transition animations and provides an extended keyboard navigation (up/down/home/end keys).

`PicklistDivider` as name states is a component meant to visually divide two `PickList`'s

> `PicklistItem` is a component meant to visually represent one of iterable entities. It can be of type `add` or `remove`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PicklistItem` is a component meant to visually represent one of the iterable entities. It can be of a type `add` or `remove`.
```

To create fully functioning `Duelling Picklist` component you can compose it yourself out of provided `Carbon` components.

> `DuellingPicklist` is meant to be a container for a children composition of two `Picklist`'s and a `PicklistDivider` between them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`DuellingPicklist` is meant to be a container composed of two `Picklist` children and a `PicklistDivider` between them.
```

> It also accepts `leftLabel` and `rightLabel` props accepting strings which will be rendered above corresponding `PickList`'s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It also accepts `leftLabel` and `rightLabel` props of type string which will be rendered above the corresponding `PickList`s.
```

> Similarly to labels, `leftControls` and `rightControls` props accept node to be rendered between the labels and the `Picklist`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similarly to labels, `leftControls` and `rightControls` props accept a node to be rendered between the labels and the `Picklist`.
```

This is a suitable place for components like `Search` or `Filter` used to manipulate displayed data.
To display an overlay over whole `DuellingPicklist` content pass a `disabled` prop set to true.

`Picklist` wraps a list of `PicklistItem`'s, applies enter transition animations and provides an extended keyboard navigation (up/down/home/end keys).

`PicklistDivider` as name states is a component meant to visually divide two `PickList`'s

`PicklistItem` is a component meant to visually represent one of the iterable entities. It can be of a type `add` or `remove`.
It invokes passed `onChange` method with passed `item` prop as an argument when either `add` or `remove` icon is clicked or `space` or `enter` pressed when whole `PicklistItem` is focused.

> `PicklistPlaceholder` can be used to display content of its `text` prop. It is meant to be passed as a `placeholder` prop in `Picklist` component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`PicklistPlaceholder` can be used to display the content of its `text` prop. It is meant to be passed as a `placeholder` prop in `Picklist` component.
```
